
joging : running
make up: to me pretty
shell fish 
stir-fry
bean curd
take a nap
rouge:pink or red powderor cream that women put on their cheeks
annoy:to make somebody feel slightly anger
heap:a large pile of untidy things
pile: 
elaborate:to give more details or new information about something.
miserable:extremely unhappy.
arcane:secret and known or understood by only a few people

complain: if you are not treated well, you will complain, which means you will
tell people, you are not very happy about the way people treat you. and if you
buy something, say clothes, and they looks ugly on you, than you can complain.

explaination
aisle seet :a seet by a long passege.
construction: to built some building
furniture:a large object such a chairs ,beds,tables and cupboards.
destination:the place that someone or something is going to .
anniversary:a date on which something special or important happened in a
previous year.
intimate:the ralationship is very closely between a man and a woman.
carpet:heavy woven material for covering floors or stairs.
terrace:s street with one of these rows in it,a flat outdoor area next to a
building or on a roof.
exhaust:very tired
instructor :a teacher who teach aerobics class.
aerobics:sports which make the body strong.
kidding : make fun of sb.
lift weight 
It's all set. everything is well.
no sweat ,It's a snap, It's going to be a piece of cake.= no problem.`
variant:variable and changed.
ubiquitous:seeming to be everywhere.
Macintosh
align :to publicly support a political group
elegance :an idea or a plan that is elegant and very intelligent .
strike : to make an importance amount between two things.strike a balance for
sth.
you name the day :you decide which day
need a day off :need a vacation,a day rest from the job
bring back memories
have a good stay :have a good time
fabulous :terrific,or very good
trunk :a big box
stumble :hit your foot  against something
scary :frightening
naked :not wearing any clothes or not covered by clothes
animation :flash ,active move
beneath :under something
exotic:something because it is related to a foreign country.
commencement:the begining of something./a ceremony receive graduation.
ceremony:an importan  socioal or religious event.
of how complicated life is .
naively:not having much experience of how complicated life is.
nascent :coming into existence or starting to develope.
capture :to catch a person and keep them as a prisoner .
fasinate :if somenoe or something fasinates you ,you are extremely intersting
 the programme
prompt :to make someone decide to do something ,or done quickly ,immidiately
or at the right time.
drag :pull ,get something along to the ground ,because it is too heavy.
gut :a reaction or feeling that you are sure is right .qlthough you can not
vive a reason for it .
karma  :the feeling that you get from a pleace or person.
screw up  :make a bad mistake or do something very stupid.
brace :1)a mentally or physically prepare youself or someone else for
something unpleasant that is going to happen.2)something that is used to
strengthen or support sth.
inherit :to receive money ,property from someone after they have died.

